{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Citations:\
\
IUCN Redlist:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 IUCN 2015.\'a0
\i The\'a0IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
\i0  Version 2015.1. <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.iucnredlist.org/"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.iucnredlist.org}}>. Downloaded on 7 August 2015.\
\
HYDE (abandoned and cleared land dataset)\
Klein Goldewijk, K. , A. Beusen, M. de Vos and G. van Drecht (2011). The HYDE 3.1 spatially explicit database of human induced land use change over the past 12,000 years, 
\i Global Ecology and Biogeography
\i0  20(1): 73-86. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1466-8238.2010.00587.x/abstract"}}{\fldrslt \ul DOI: 10.1111/j.1466-8238.2010.00587.x.}}\ul \
\
\ulnone Bird Masses:\ul \
\ulnone Dunning, J. (2008). CRC handbook of avian body masses (2nd ed.). Boca Raton: Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.\
\
Mammal Masses (and other animals):\
Data supplied by:\
Encyclopedia of Life. Available from http://www.eol.org. Accessed 15 Jan 2014.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Jones, K. E., Bielby, J., Cardillo, M., Fritz, S. A., O'Dell, J., Orme, C. D. L., ... & Purvis, A. (2009). PanTHERIA: a species-level database of life history, ecology, and geography of extant and recently extinct mammals: Ecological Archives E090-184. 90(9), 2648-2648.\
\
White, C. R., & Seymour, R. S. (2014). The role of gravity in the evolution of mammalian blood pressure. 
\i Evolution, 
\i0 68(3), 901-908.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Smithsonian Institution, National Museum of Natural History, Department of Vertebrate Zoology, Division of Mammals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 Citation of data sources (Plant Heights)\
The references of the individual datasets, as indicated by the custodians, and the standard reference of the TRY initiative should be cited in the methods section of any product that involves the datasets. The standard reference of the TRY initiative is currently:\
Kattge, J., S. Diaz, S. Lavorel, I. C. Prentice, P. Leadley, G. Boenisch, E. Garnier, M. Westoby, P. B. Reich, I. J. Wright, J. H. C. Cornelissen, C. Violle, S. P. Harrison, P. M. v. Bodegom, M. Reichstein, B. J. Enquist, N. A. Soudzilovskaia, D. D. Ackerly, M. Anand, O. Atkin, M. Bahn, T. R. Baker, D. Baldocchi, R. Bekker, C. Blanco, B. Blonder, W. J. Bond, R. Bradstock, D. E. Bunker, F. Casanoves, J. Cavender-Bares, J. Q. Chambers, F. S. Chapin, J. Chave, D. Coomes, W. K. Cornwell, J. M. Craine, B. H. Dobrin, L. Duarte, W. Durka, J. Elser, G. Esser, M. Estiarte, W. F. Fagan, J. Fang, F. Fernandez-Mendez, A. Fidelis, B. Finegan, O. Flores, H. Ford, D. Frank, G. T. Freschet, N. M. Fyllas, R. V. Gallagher, W. A. Green, A. G. Gutierrez, T. Hickler, S. Higgins, J. G. Hodgson, A. Jalili, S. Jansen, C. Joly, A. J. Kerkhoff, D. Kirkup, K. Kitajima, M. Kleyer, S. Klotz, J. M. H. Knops, K. Kramer, I. Kuehn, H. Kurokawa, D. Laughlin, T. D. Lee, M. Leishman, F. Lens, T. Lenz, S. L. Lewis, J. Lloyd, J. Llusia, F. Louault, S. Ma, M. D. Mahecha, P. Manning, T. Massad, B. Medlyn, J. Messier, A. T. Moles, S. C. Mueller, K. Nadrowski, S. Naeem, U. Niinemets, S. Noellert, A. Nueske, R. Ogaya, J. Oleksyn, V. G. Onipchenko, Y. Onoda, J. Ordonez, G. Overbeck, W. A. Ozinga, S. Patino, S. Paula, J. G. Pausas, J. Penuelas, O. L. Phillips, V. Pillar, H. Poorter, L. Poorter, P. Poschlod, A. Prinzing, R. Proulx, A. Rammig, S. Reinsch, B. Reu, L. Sack, B. Salgado-Negret, J. Sardans, S. Shiodera, B. Shipley, A. Siefert, E. Sosinski, J.-F. Soussana, E. Swaine, N. Swenson, K. Thompson, P. Thornton, M. Waldram, E. Weiher, M. White, S. White, S. J. Wright, B. Yguel, S. Zaehle, A. E. Zanne, C. Wirth. 2011. TRY - a global database of plant traits. Global Change Biology, 17:2905-2935.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
}